# Week 5 questions: Making our framework more robust with Playwright

**Intructions**
It is time to implement some of the best practices we covered in Week 4. We will refactor our tests to use the Page Object Model and improve our test suite. We will also learn about controlling the execution of tests and creating better E2E tests. I want also to use this week to bring everyone to the same level of understanding of the topics we covered in Week 4.

Finally, we will learn about the use of steps and how they improve the readability of our tests.

With that in mind, let's start with some interview questions related to our week 5 topics.

## How is the test.step from Playwright compared with Steps in BDD and, for example, Cucumber?
  they help break down tests into smaller, more understandable actions.
  in cucumber steps are part of a natural language description of the test (e.g., "Given," "When," "Then").
  and in playwright each step is a part of the test isolated from each other.

## What are the benefits of using test.step?
  It makes the playwright report more readable.
  It makes it easier to manage as your project grows.
  It helps With more focused debugging.

## What are the methods to control the execution of tests in Playwright?
  test.only Runs only the tests marked with test.only.
  test.skip Skips that test.
  test.describe Groups the tests together.
  test.beforeEach Runs before each test.
  test.beforeAll Runs before all tests.
  test.afterEach Runs after each test.
  test.afterAll Runs after all tests.

## What are the Projects in Playwright?
  In Playwright, "Projects" are configurations that allow you to run the same set of tests across multiple environments.
  You can configure a project to run in multiple browsers and devices.
 

## If you need to test the value of a label, would you include the assertion in the page object class or in the test class? Why?
  I would include the assertion in the test class.
  because the test file is for asserting and the POM is for navigating.

## Complete the following exercises:

We will continue building a good test suite against the state of the art ecommerce page we used for Week 4. You can access it [here](https://react-shopping-cart-67954.firebaseapp.com). Last week you automated some scenarios as part of the assignment of [Week 5](../Week%204/assignment.md).

Now it is time to improve them by using the Page Object Model and the test.step method from Playwright.

1. **POM**: Refactor the code for your tests to follow the page object model.

2. **Adding steps**: Add steps to your tests to make the test report generated by Playwright easy to read and understand.

3. **Setup Projects**: Create a Project to run the tests for Chrome and Mobile.

**Extra**: Any other tests you can think of at this stage of the development?

## Once happy with your tests, create a Pull Request in your repository and ask for a review from me. Make sure to include the test results in the PR description.

## Once the PR gets approved, merge it to your main branch.
